Update workflow reservation MRI (#46)
UNFmontreal/unf-montreal.ca: content/en/documentation/facility/reservation/step_by_step.md

---
title: "Step by step"
linkTitle: "Step by step"
date: 2021-03-31
weight: 6
description: >
  MRI, simulation room, testing room reservation
type: 'docs'
---

![calendrier](/images/documentation/reservation_login.png)

# Make a reservation

- Once your are connected, you should see this page.

![calendrier](/images/documentation/fr/reservation_mri_1.png)

- With your mouse, you need to selected the time slot you wish to reserve. You should make a reservation per participant.

![plage horaire](/images/documentation/fr/reservation_mri_2b.png)

- You can fill the following form:

![fiche reservation](/images/documentation/fr/reservation_mri_3.png)

Mandatory fields:
- Title of reservation
- Session name
- Research assistant (RA)
- Accessories

If you are making a reservation to scan a Phantom please check the corresponding box (Phantom).

# Validation message

If your reservation is valid, you see the following window:

![validation](/images/documentation/fr/reservation_mri_4.png)

Then, if you are able to fill the survey, you can click on the link "Screening". Otherwise, you will still have access to this link through your reservation.

> If you reservation is not valid, you should see an error message and the possibility to send us an email to this email address __[support.unf@criugm.qc.ca](mailto:support.unf@criugm.qc.ca?subject=Reservation_MRI)__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you reservation is not validated by our system, you should see an error message and the possibility to send us an email to this email address __[support.unf@criugm.qc.ca](mailto:support.unf@criugm.qc.ca?subject=Reservation_MRI)__.
```
